Full stack product eng post (#3090)
CodaProtocol/coda: frontend/website/jobs/fullstack-engineer.markdown

---
title: Product Engineer (Full-stack)
date: 2019-08-04
---

> Help us build accessible, usable, delightful products on top of the Coda Cryptocurrency Protocol!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help us build accessible, usable, delightful products on top of the Coda Protocol!
```

to be like the other postings

> We’re seeking a full-stack product engineer who is also excited by building productivity tools for developers. While it's hard to say exactly what we'll work on given that we are such an early-stage startup, we expect projects to include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re seeking a full-stack product engineer who is also excited about building productivity tools for developers. While it's hard to say exactly what we'll work on given that we are such an early-stage startup, we expect projects to include:
```

> - Developer tools and SDKs on top of Coda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Developer tools and SDKs to build applications on top of Coda
```

> - The command-line-interface for the Coda client and daemon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The command-line interface (CLI) to interact with the Coda client and daemon
```

> - Bots and services that react and cause to events on the Coda network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automated services and bots that allows users to engage with the Coda network
```

## Requirements

- 2+ years engineering experience

>     - Bonus: Worked on developer tooling before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Bonus: Experience building developer-facing APIs and libraries
```

- Willingness to work on-site in a San Francisco based office
- Exposure to a declarative frontend framework, such as React, Angular, Vue, Elm etc.

>     - Bonus for experience with React Hooks or GraphQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Bonus: Experience with React Hooks or GraphQL
```

> - Familiarity with functional programming, know your way around map and reduce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experience with AWS or other public cloud providers
- Familiarity with functional programming, know your way around map and reduce.
```

> ## Grab Bag (at least one of the following)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Nice to have (at least one of the following)
```

> - Experience working on multiple collaborative projects with a product team containing at least one additional developer (or larger team-based projects at university or a bootcamp program).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experience working on collaborative projects with a product team (or larger team-based projects at a university/bootcamp)
```
